c:\[Artem]\UCLA\RadioElectroChem Box\FlowMeter\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\[Artem]\UCLA\RadioElectroChem Box\FlowMeter\obj\Debug\RadioElectroChem Box.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\[Artem]\UCLA\RadioElectroChem Box\FlowMeter\obj\Debug\RadElChemBox.CromatogramGraph.resources
c:\[Artem]\UCLA\RadioElectroChem Box\FlowMeter\obj\Debug\RadElChemBox.frmGUI.resources
c:\[Artem]\UCLA\RadioElectroChem Box\FlowMeter\bin\Debug\RadElChemBox.exe.config
c:\[Artem]\UCLA\RadioElectroChem Box\FlowMeter\bin\Debug\RadElChemBox.exe.manifest
c:\[Artem]\UCLA\RadioElectroChem Box\FlowMeter\bin\Debug\RadElChemBox.application
c:\[Artem]\UCLA\RadioElectroChem Box\FlowMeter\bin\Debug\RadElChemBox.exe
c:\[Artem]\UCLA\RadioElectroChem Box\FlowMeter\bin\Debug\RadElChemBox.pdb
c:\[Artem]\UCLA\RadioElectroChem Box\FlowMeter\obj\Debug\RadElChemBox.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\[Artem]\UCLA\RadioElectroChem Box\FlowMeter\obj\Debug\RadElChemBox.exe.manifest
c:\[Artem]\UCLA\RadioElectroChem Box\FlowMeter\obj\Debug\RadElChemBox.application
c:\[Artem]\UCLA\RadioElectroChem Box\FlowMeter\obj\Debug\RadElChemBox.exe
c:\[Artem]\UCLA\RadioElectroChem Box\FlowMeter\obj\Debug\RadElChemBox.pdb
c:\[Artem]\UCLA\RadioElectroChem Box\FlowMeter\bin\Debug\NationalInstruments.Common.dll
c:\[Artem]\UCLA\RadioElectroChem Box\FlowMeter\bin\Debug\NationalInstruments.Common.Native.dll
c:\[Artem]\UCLA\RadioElectroChem Box\FlowMeter\bin\Debug\NationalInstruments.DAQmx.dll
c:\[Artem]\UCLA\RadioElectroChem Box\FlowMeter\bin\Debug\NationalInstruments.MaxConfiguration.dll
c:\[Artem]\UCLA\RadioElectroChem Box\FlowMeter\bin\Debug\NationalInstruments.NiLmClientDLL.dll
c:\[Artem]\UCLA\RadioElectroChem Box\FlowMeter\bin\Debug\NationalInstruments.MaxConfiguration.xml
c:\[Artem]\UCLA\RadioElectroChem Box\FlowMeter\bin\Debug\NationalInstruments.Common.xml
c:\[Artem]\UCLA\RadioElectroChem Box\FlowMeter\bin\Debug\NationalInstruments.DAQmx.xml
